HI
Hello
Can you tell me what is wrong ?
tHE ROBOT COULD NOT initialize
Oke. I had searched in the error files but there isn't a message
Can you retry it please?
Sure
Can you tell me what is happen now?
What is your name?
Lydia

I have restarted the robot
but as you can see, it is not initializing
an error message did not appear as well
so I am puzzled how to resolve this issue

What is changed after the latest run when it was working?

And, is the robot in auto mode?
Yes
Oke.
What is changed after the latest run when it was working?
My collegue informed me that while she was running the robot, it keep running sqc, so she prompt it to stop but it could not stop, so I assume she forcibly stop it by auto-kill the program
After that she could not restart it

Oke. can you explain me what is sqc?
standard quality check
we run a standard oil to check that it pass the parameters that was set for our oil sample

Oke. is the robot stopt in a strange position? 
No
Is it possible to let me see it? I think, there is a camera
the camera was removed
can i take apicture and send it to you via email?

Oke. my email is rob.de.wit@synchronlab.com
I'll wait for it now
I've already send you the picture
I've seen the picture. I think you must try to push the robot 10 cm to above and 10 cm to the side where the bath is missing
I'll try
ok
we already tried. but its rather hard to push it

I mean, by hand. You must change the teach pandend into hand and moving the robot. Isn't that possible?
elaborate more on the teach pandend

On the teach pendant, there is a key. You can change the robot in hand or auto mode

Are you trained by us to do that king of things?
No 
the trained personnel have left
we already change by hand, the robot is still stiff to move
strange.

When did the robot work fine?
Till last saturday

Oke. mayby there is a big problem because when we had contact on march, the batteries from the robot are empty. I'd send your colleque a quotation about that
But, I'm not sure that's the problem for now

When you change the robot in hand, is it absolutely impossible to move it?
Yes

Than I think, the only opportuny is that I come to Singapore to solve the problem

Could you send me an email of the service charges? I need to get my superior to be informed regarding this before you come to Singapore.
You can send the email to my company email at zulydia.hussin@intertek.com

Oke, Of course I can do.
Thank you for the help.

You're welcome.

Kind regards,

Rob


2103
